Hello gays welcome to this video in this you will work on our team to make it more awesome.
The first thing that we're going to do is add the menu.
We have Norman you can see here to and the menu go to your Edmon banner and hover over appearance at
click on menus.
OK.
Now it's time to create the menu.
I'm going to see it as the main menu.
You can write whatever you want and click create menu
the menus created but if you have nothing right now it has no button.
Looking at some page use the demon you OK some buttons like you see on web sites.
There is a home button there health button technology button and blah blah that is that all the buttons
and buttons all over this main menu.
OK.
When we create what Brezhnev's said what best aeromedical he creates a page with the name simple page
again.
The first thing we do is delete this page but I'm not getting this page.
I'm going to show you that how we can create a menu button with the name displayed will open this page
OK.
So all you need to do is click on simple bit.
We have right now we have Newport's stumbling in the thing.
We have only one page and that is simple pay someone to click on it and get a peek at the menu and this
will be added to our menu.
Here it is.
Here comes one thing that is that you need to do here is select which menu it is.
OK there are menus on this team.
One is discarded but menu and this is the primary menu.
The menu the button that appears here are primary and this is top menu.
So when you select the menu menu we want added this page we want this page to primer Ouimet primary
menu or Brumidi navigation Summerbee XXIV menu so it will be added here.
But any fresh
sea adding here simple page going can.
This is the simple way that were created for us.
OK.
So this is how we create the menu.
We can create more menu for them you want to create the you want to create a link to youtube or a link
to Facebook.
All you need to do is go to this custom links here.
I'm going on right now Deborah to be with the Blue Dog Facebook and dot com so I'm going to see the
book and add to the menu.
See now I'm going to say the face book but will be here.
It that when I click on it we will go to the Facebook see.
I'm going to go back.
So this is how we add buttons are links to other menus so we can add get a goodie.
We really get a good deal in the next video and then we will add these to our menu.
But right now and you can also add buttons to the Borst.
So there is a pause.
You weren't reading that linked to that post.
So you can do that here.
We have one boss that is Halvard disposed is by default HBO's Deadwood Presbrey it's OK when we set
up our best.
OK.
So let's link this link to this post.
I'm going to click on it and I'm going to spit at the menu.
This it eddied I'm going to save Benue in I do fish.
This post is added.
It can go to this post and there is a comment.
This is the default comment that WordPress added.
What best do some default things when we it creates are different.
That is simple but it creates a different post that is available both clear to do for our command.
That is this.
OK.
So we will delete all these.
So just do what I'm doing.
OK.
And we will clean all this up.
So don't worry we'll do everything again.
So I hope you guys got the idea how we can add things to our menu when we will create categories we
will add those categories here.
So no one can get I'm going to do is I'm going to remove all these from our menu we don't need these.
OK I just added to show you how we can add items to our menu of lead to these gluconate and every move.
So it is removed.
I'm going to move this to remove and when I remove this to remove.
OK.
So now I'm going to remove the D for commands pages and the board.
So now remove the beard.
Good day on this beard.
I haven't saved it.
See you
know to remove the sample be there were best created itself.
We're going to go to pages this is a simple page.
I'm going to send it to Gresh
and the trash can or open the trash and remove it permanently.
OK.
Simple.
It is gone.
Don't we remove the simple Borst that Deadwood.
This.
Hello we're both I'm going to send to trash.
I'm going to go through the trash.
And I'm well removed permanently.
We don't need this Borst.
OK.
And this is going to be deleted.
Ok boss is gone.
And simple pages go on.
I would remove the symbolic comment that would be added automatically.
Or is that a thing you do is remove already.
OK.
But if you see the command you can remove as I remove the pages and post.
So I'm going to refresh and you will not see anything.
See leting.
Now we have complete and beb blog.
OK.
Or stumble fill it up with the content and I show you how to do that.
And we will customize everything this side bar this menu.
This is this breaking news.
Everything is background and all that.
OK.
So I hope you guys know.
Got the idea how we can add a menu in the next what do you have here.
I will cover the cost of pages.
Then I will add items to the menu and then you will get a better idea how to work with the menu.
OK.
So take us we're watching this video.
We'll see you in the next video.